Alternative small widgets.
Some alternatives to the default widgets, and some additional ones too.

List of widgets provided:

- Playback Buttons (Alt):
Playback buttons and more with tooltips and state.
Buttons will be disabled depending on the state that the button controls.
This widget is unfortunately not configurable at the current time.

- Volume Scale:
Volume selector by a scale widget.
Right-click to select either a linear, cubic or dB scale,
similar to the official volume widget.
Configuration keys: scale: str, step1: float, step2: float, width: int, height: int.

- DSP Combo:
Selecting a saved DSP preset.
Configuration keys: maxwidth: int.

- Menu Toggle Button:
Toggles the visibility of the menu bar.

- Button (Alt):
Provides a button using an icon based on gtk_image_new_from_icon_name.
gtk-icon-browser usually provides a way to see a list of icons together with their name,
but a GTK theme can also provide additional ones.
The label allows for title formatting and will update depending on deadbeef message event IDs if specified.
See deadbeef.h:DB_EV_* for a list of them.
The action is identified by the deadbeef action names.
A list of the default deadbeef actions can be found in deadbeef/src/coreplugin.c:action_*
Plugins are also able to provide additional actions.
deadbeef.h:DB_plugin_action_t::name is what to look for.
Configuration keys: action: str, iconname: str, label: str, eventupdate0: uint, eventupdate1: uint, eventupdate2: uint.

- Title Formatting Tester:
Displays the title formatted string based on track selection.
Useful for testing and formatting track metadata.
Configuration keys: input: str.

- Queue View:
Displays a list of play items that currently are in the play queue.
Play items in the queue can be removed by either Right-click > Unqueue
or by selecting and pressing the Delete key.
It is currently very bare-bones and lack a lot of other useful features.
Configuration keys: title: list[str], format: list[str], width: list[uint].

- Output Plugin Combo:
Selecting an output plugin.
Configuration keys: maxwidth: int.

- Output Device Combo:
Selecting an output device of the output plugin.
Configuration keys: maxwidth: int.

- Popover Toggle (GTK3):
A button which displays a popover containing a widget when pressed.
Configuration keys: width: int, height: int, iconname: str, label: str, tooltip: str, padding: uint.
